The child dares to steal my candy, right?
See if I kill you
Don't cry to the big brother to laugh, listen to me laugh, go away
Go away
Hey, I won't go, I won't go
Don't cry little brother
Sister gives you candy
Don't come here
You and my candy get fat by thieves and they find out
They will come to beat you
I am an unfortunate person
I don't want anyone else to get hurt because of me
Tears are the most useless thing
If you don't want to be bullied, you must learn to resist
So do you want rocks or sugar?
Ok don't cry
Tears are the most useless
Want not to be bullied
Learn to resist
More than just resist
The opponent who still wants to fight has no way to fight back
You have a good rest first
It's okay, you can accompany me.
Not like a person
My little master
I'm worried that I can't get close to you
You delivered it to your door yourself
Really delicate little master
Eat a cake and make me run this far
Master Lin just came back
Can't help but stand up for Lin Zhuang?
It's really sibling love
Oh, the beautiful woman looks good
Hey buddies, play a few times
Don't mess around
fuck
Ah, help!
Then why chase me?
However, Lin Shao
Now your good brother Lin Bei is my new trump card